Add release template (#489)
Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-template.md

---
name: Release template
about: Internally used for new releases
title: Release 2.x.y
labels: 'Type: Maintenance'
assignees: GaryJones, rebeccahum

---

⚠️ DO NOT MERGE (YET) ⚠️

Please do add approvals if you agree.

> PR for tracking changes for the 2.1.0 release. Target release date: Tuesday July 7.

Author: ```suggestion
PR for tracking changes for the 2.x.y release. Target release date: DOW DD MMMM.
```
